Refresh docs to reflect Java 18 API changes (#630)
openjdk/panama-foreign: doc/panama_memaccess.md

In addition to spatial bounds, memory segments also feature temporal bounds as well as thread-confinement. In the examples shown so far, we have always used the API in its simpler form, leaving the runtime to handle details such as whether it was safe or not to reclaim memory associated with a given memory segment. But there are cases where this behavior is not desirable: consider the case where a large memory segment is mapped from a file (this is possible using `MemorySegment::map`); in this case, an application would probably prefer to deterministically release (e.g. unmap) the memory associated with this segment, to ensure that memory doesn't remain available for longer than in needs to (and therefore potentially impacting the performance of the application).

> Memory segments support deterministic deallocation, through an abstraction called `ResourceScope`. A resource scope models the lifecycle associated with one or more resources (in this document, by resources we mean mostly memory segments); a resource scope has a state: it starts off in the *alive* state, which means that all the resources it manages can be safely accessed — and, at the user request, it can be *closed*. After a resource scope is closed, access to resources managed by that scope is no longer allowed. Resource scopes support the `AutoCloseable` interface, and can therefore be used with the *try-with-resources* construct, as demonstrated in the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memory segments support deterministic deallocation, through an abstraction called `ResourceScope`. A resource scope models the lifecycle associated with one or more resources (in this document, by resources we mean mostly memory segments); a resource scope has a state: it starts off in the *alive* state, which means that all the resources it manages can be safely accessed — and, at the user's request, it can be *closed*. After a resource scope is closed, access to resources managed by that scope is no longer allowed. Resource scopes implement the `AutoCloseable` interface, and can therefore be used with the *try-with-resources* construct, as demonstrated in the following code:
```
